Add Performance Profiling Heatmap Visualization to Atmos CLI (#1576)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/troubleshoot/performance-heatmap.mdx

Reviewer: Performance profiling is what they are doing. heat map is just a feature of that.

---

> title: Performance Heatmap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Performance Profiling
```

sidebar_position: 3
sidebar_label: Performance Heatmap
description: Visualize Atmos performance metrics with interactive heatmaps and detailed function timing analysis.
---

import Terminal from '@site/src/components/Terminal'
import File from '@site/src/components/File'
import Intro from '@site/src/components/Intro'

<Intro>
    Atmos includes a built-in performance heatmap feature that provides real-time visualization of function execution times and call statistics.

>     This lightweight profiling tool helps identify performance bottlenecks without the overhead of full pprof profiling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This lightweight profiling feature helps you identify where performance bottlenecks might be causing Atmos to run slow.
```

tool makes it sound like a different tool
